the fastest street car magazine Camaro
they call it the LS wonder boasts a full
load of Bolton products the
modifications list includes a K&N air
intake underdrive pulleys Hooker long
tubes DiabloSport tune Flowmaster
exhaust and a hundred and fifty shot of
nitrous all through the stock ls1 on
this 2000 Camaro SS now we're about to
add another bolt onto the necks a fast
92 millimeter intake and throttle would
we baseline the LS wonder to the tune of
309 horsepower and 296 foot-pounds off
the nitrous
for the design the guys at fast assemble
a team of some of the best manifold
experts in the country including Keith
Wilson of NASCAR and NHRA Fame the
intake is 15 pounds lighter than stock
and his three piece of design to allow
for porting on every inch of the
manifold polymer that the intake is made
from is 30% stronger than stock which
helps block heat integrated nitrous
injector ports and burst panels on the
bottom also make this manifold both
nitrous and forced induction friendly
the manifold also came with Wilson fuel
rails are we weren't able to utilize
just yet the fast bigmouth 92 millimeter
throttle body is larger in size but is
also technologically advanced with its
great a cross-sectional flow that helps
eliminate
airflow turbulence
to figure throttle body blade helps
quite deflection with it's all stainless
construction now let's start removing
the stock intake the one thing the F
body Camaro doesn't have going for it is
the fact that virtually half the engine
is under the - it doesn't make this
installation or that quick first task
started at the front
removing the pipe to the airbox idle air
control tube throttle cable and the
coolant lines off its water bottle from
there we move to removing the components
off the back of the intake and the
injector plugs that were easy to get to
except for the last one on the driver's
side some patience and a little wiggling
and the stock intake is free though the
intake came equipped with some nice
Wilson fuel rails we weren't equipped to
take advantage of them yet and transfer
the stock rails and injectors to the new
intake manifold we also installed a new
set of intake port seals from fast
before you can bolt the intake down it
requires replacing the stock valley pan
bolts with the supplied stainless
fasteners the stock bolt heads are a bit
too tall and if they're not changed it
could lead to ceiling issues now we were
ready to reinstall everything in reverse
order one item you have to pay close
attention to when installing this intake
is the fragile oil pressure sending you
one that the tap snapped at like a twig
we set us back 70 bucks now that we are
all wrapped up it was time to get the LS
Wanda back on the dyno to see what kind
of improvement
the power gains netted an impressive 21
horsepower and 7 foot pounds over our
richie madano pool bringing the new
total to 330 horsepower and 303
foot-pounds not bad for a day's worth of
work and a few scratches
you